README.md, before:

# `riscv-semihosting`

> Semihosting for RISC-V processors

This is a fork of the
[cortex-m-semihosting](https://docs.rs/cortex-m-semihosting) crate with changes
to support the RISC-V Semihosting Specification as documented
[here](https://github.com/riscv/riscv-semihosting-spec/blob/main/riscv-semihosting-spec.adoc)

This crate can be used in exactly the same way as cortex-m-semihosting, simply
by changing calls to `cortex_m_semihosting::*` to `riscv_semihosting::*`. Given
this, the
[cortex-m-semihosting documentation](https://docs.rs/cortex-m-semihosting) is
generally sufficient for using this library.

# Minimum Supported Rust Version (MSRV)

This crate is guaranteed to compile on stable Rust 1.59.0 and up. It **won't**
compile with older versions.

## License

Licensed under either of

- Apache License, Version 2.0 ([LICENSE-APACHE](../LICENSE-APACHE) or
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
- MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](../LICENSE-MIT) or
  http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be
dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.

## Code of Conduct

Contribution to this crate is organized under the terms of the [Rust Code of
Conduct][CoC], the maintainer of this crate, the [RISC-V team][team], promises
to intervene to uphold that code of conduct.

[CoC]: ../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
[team]: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg#the-risc-v-team

Commit message:

Added features to select privilege level
Currently, the library attempts to execute some semihosting operations
in a completely interrupt-free context. It does this by using
`riscv::interrupt::free`, which saves and restores the `mie` field of
`mstatus`. As a result, attempts to initiate semihosting calls outside
of M mode cause illegal instruction exceptions.

This commit provides a solution, by requiring users to choose one of two
features, "machine-mode" or "user-mode", which will compile different
versions of the functions in src/export.rs that do and do not suspend
interrupts, respectively. Failure to do so will throw a compiler error,
unless the "no-semihosting" feature was enabled.

A "supervisor-mode" feature was left out as the `riscv` crate does not
yet have an equivalent of `interrupt::free` for supervisor mode.

CI now also checks builds with both of these features.

README.md, after:

# `riscv-semihosting`

> Semihosting for RISC-V processors

This is a fork of the
[cortex-m-semihosting](https://docs.rs/cortex-m-semihosting) crate with changes
to support the RISC-V Semihosting Specification as documented
[here](https://github.com/riscv/riscv-semihosting-spec/blob/main/riscv-semihosting-spec.adoc)

This crate can (almost) be used in exactly the same way as cortex-m-semihosting,
simply by changing calls to `cortex_m_semihosting::*` to `riscv_semihosting::*`.
Given this, the
[cortex-m-semihosting documentation](https://docs.rs/cortex-m-semihosting) is
generally sufficient for using this library.

A major difference between this library and cortex-m-semihosting is that there
are mandatory features to choose the privilege level at which the semihosting
calls are executed. The "machine-mode" feature will cause the macros in `export`
to execute the semihosting operation in an interrupt-free context, while
"user-mode" causes them to just execute the operation. Failure to select one of
these two features will cause a compiler error.


# Minimum Supported Rust Version (MSRV)

This crate is guaranteed to compile on stable Rust 1.59.0 and up. It **won't**
compile with older versions.

## License

Licensed under either of

- Apache License, Version 2.0 ([LICENSE-APACHE](../LICENSE-APACHE) or
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
- MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](../LICENSE-MIT) or
  http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be
dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.

## Code of Conduct

Contribution to this crate is organized under the terms of the [Rust Code of
Conduct][CoC], the maintainer of this crate, the [RISC-V team][team], promises
to intervene to uphold that code of conduct.

[CoC]: ../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
[team]: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg#the-risc-v-team
